The Public Procurement Gateway is a new digital service
that makes buying and supplying easier for everyone.
It provides a single point of entry
to our self service dashboard,
allowing you to access multiple services in one location.
You can also manage all your information
in a simple and secure way.
The public procurement gateway is specific to your needs.
Once you've logged in, you'll find the services
relevant to you on your dashboard.
Every organisation needs an administrator to manage
information and authorise access for other users.
You can contact your administrator directly
to ask for access or search for your organisation
and send a request through the public procurement gateway.
Once approved,
you'll find the relevant services on your dashboard.
New services will be added as they become available.
Let's take a closer look.